Think about it carefully. The character's image is a lot like me.
Hey, I made that character according to my liking...
- So that means I'm your type?  - No.
- It is true though.  - I said it's not.
It is true!
So a character that resembles me is your taste, Writer Seo?
I told you it isn't!
It's Cha Seung Won! Cha Seung Won!
Ah, Cha Seung Won?
- It's true.  - You are not very convincing.
Seriously!
Why do you keep saying nonsense about it being Cha Seung Won? It's not.
Okay, right now you are just like that character.
Finally, you're admitting it.
You look like a middle school student right now.
Did you forget that you said that I grew up well?
Me? When did I say that? I don't know what you're talking about.
You are totally a kid.
So is this how it goes?
Lee Seung Yu is a baby. Baby!
No way, you're already upset?
Ah, this is why I can't play with kids.
They're so childish. How can I possibly play—
Timing and subtitles brought to you by  The How to Be Thirty Team @ Viki
Do I...
still seem like a kid?
What was that all of a sudden?  Lee Hye Ryeong
Stop playing hard to get.
What did I do?
If the woman keeps doing that, then the man gets confused.
It makes him want to get confirmation.
What are you talking about?
I'm saying you shouldn't confuse your boyfriend.
- B-boyfriend... boyfriend?  - Just a moment.
30-year-old Lee Seung Yu is a bit subtle.
Episode 3: The Best Way to Draw the Line
Lee Ran Ju, really.
Hey!
Why are you here?
I'm back.
Cheers.
What is this?  [Closed]
Hong Ah Yeong! Hong Ah Yeong!
Is it closed?
Your call cannot be completed as dialed. After the beep, you can leave a voice mail...
What is this?
- Hello?  - Hey Ji Won, have been in contact with Hong Ah Yeong?
Hong Ah Yeong. Her cafe is closed.
Did she go to the early morning market?
You know she doesn't go to the market anymore.
She says it's cheaper on the internet.
I wonder if something happened.
But still, she wouldn't just close the cafe without a word.
You're on your way to work, right?
I'll try calling Ah Yeong. Don't worry and just go to work.
Okay, text me.
Ah, what could it be?
Ah, what's going on?
I don't know.
Lee Seung Yu.
You're here, Writer Seo.
Ah, yes, Assistant Manager Lee Seung Yu.
It will be helpful for you to refer to this for today's meeting.
Sure, thank you.
Let's head inside.
- Ah, you're here. Hello.  - Hello.
I'm Lee Seung Yu of SN Media.
Ah, your company is very nice.
Thank you.
Over here is the director of "Psycho Bride."
This is Director Cha Do Hoon.
I am Cha Do Hoon.
I am Seo Ji Won.
On Air
Lee Ran Ju's World of Dreaming
010-6357-015
- Hello?  - Oh!
It's correct.
I was worried that you might have given me the wrong phone number.
I gave him my phone number?!
- When?  - Does age matter?
Lee Ran Ju, you must have gone crazy?!
He is 24 years old!
Oh my, what is this?
Why does he keep calling?!
The person you are trying to reach cannot answer the call.
The place where the first murder occurs has a significant meaning,
so I would like to recreate it as best as possible. Would that be possible?
That was a foreign country, right? Was it Switzerland?
- Yes. - As I have already told you,
location sponsorship is also a question of cost.
That part could change depending on the direction of the adaptation,
so let's just decide on the copyright and talk about it later?
Miss Writer?
Ah, sure.
Don't worry. I won't damage your work.
Then, shall we...
Are you sure you are okay with it?
- Excuse me?  - It will mean ruining your work because of the cost.
- When an original work becomes dramatized, it usually—  - That's the company.
Also, isn't the work too provocative?
Hitting, stabbing with a knife, and killing.
So?
Let's take them out.
- But, in a thriller genre— - The way love is expressed is a thriller, not the love itself, right?
There is only one reason why I agreed to do this project.
It pretends to be provocative but it is emotional overall.
I thought you as the writer would consider that a strength.
- Thank you for the compliment.  - I guess you heard that as a compliment.
I guess so. I guess that's how I heard it.
This is because we all want this movie to go well, right?
Of course. We're all passionate about this project.
Passion is great. That passion.
Psycho Bride
You all worked hard.
Then, let's all celebrate.
- I have another engagement.  - I have another engagement.
Of course. Everyone is so busy.
Goodness.
Wait for me.
- Lee Seung Yu.  - You're here, Writer Seo.
Let's head inside.
Can you wait for me? Let's get something to eat once I'm done.
You worked hard.
First floor.
The doors are closing.
You waited a long time, right? What shall we eat?
Assistant Manager Lee Seung Yu.
Let's do our job properly, shall we?
I don't want to mix my personal feelings with work.
You must have been really upset earlier.
I wasn't upset. I just wanted to let you know.
Sorry. Let's talk over food.
I think it's best I eat alone.
Ah, your boyfriend must not like this.
You keep crossing the line.
Like now.
♫ No matter how many times I see you, I miss you ♫
Lee Seung Yu was just doing his work.
♫ The blowing breeze ♫
But why was I so bothered by it? Just why?
♫ I'll let you go even though I don't want to. Call me tonight. ♫
- Oh my god!  - What are you doing?
Why are you here all of a sudden? I mean...
- Something is going on with Hong Ah Yeong.  - What do you mean?
She hasn't opened yet.
Maybe she's sick?
She takes 23 different supplements a day.
- She can't earn money when she's sick.  - That's right.
- So why did she close?  - That's why it's strange.
What could it be?
Long time no see!
Ah, so this is the reason Hong Ah Yeong's missing?
Missing? Why? Did she disappear?
You crazy bastard! How dare you come here?
- Wait, wait.  - Get lost, get lost!
- Beat it!  - I'll go, I'll go!
Oh, Lee Ran Ju, nice!
Isn't he a crazy bastard?
Get lost!
How dare he come here? But where did Ah Yeong go anyway?
Gosh, that crazy bastard.
He's really crazy. How could he just show up there? He's so shameless.
- We need to kill that bastard.  - What if Ah Yeong's not there?
I'm pissed!
- Calm down.  - I'm seriously so pissed!
Ah, that angers me! I'm so irritated!
Calm down. We have to stay alive.
Our thirties. The one who changed most was Ah Yeong.
That's the worst!
Hello.
Oh, hello.
We'll get going.
The age of twenty.
That was when Ah Yeong fell in love for the first time.
- Oppa!  - Ah Yeong!
- What should we eat?  - Tteokbokki? (T/N: spicy rice cakes)
- And soondae (T/N blood sausage).  - And fried food.
It's really delicious!
They were always together,
and Ah Yeong was happy every moment they were together.
She thought their love would last forever.
Sweetie!
I missed you!
You waited for a long time, right?
But Ah Yeong's forever ended in just ten seconds.
- Let's go eat something tasty.  - Something tasty?
Her first love, with whom she'd ended things,
I'm back.
appeared in front of her again.
Here she is.
I thought you'd be crying your heart out.
What's all this?
- You're a little late.  - Someone might think you asked us to come.
Do you know how hard it was for us to find you here?
We've been friends since high school.
When a friend is feeling depressed,
shouldn't you know where she is?
For feeling depressed, isn't this a bit much?
What happened?
- What?  - I'm talking about that bastard, Kim Byeong Ho.
You guys met him too?
- He's still there?  - Hey.
Ran Ju hit a person after a long time today. I was so surprised.
Is he alive?
Hey, tell us.
What did he say to you?
Let's start again.
I'm sorry.
But no matter how much I think about it...
I can't live without you.
Ah Yeong.
Don't follow me.
He's marrying someone else.
- No way.  - No way. That crazy bastard.
Wait. Is that why he came back?
Let's go. Hey, hurry and get up. Get up.
- Where are we going all of a sudden?  - To kill that crazy bastard.
Then someone is really going to die.
I already feel like killing him.
Here, here.
I think I've lived like a complete idiot all this time.
- I'm not going to live like that anymore.  - What's with her?
- I don't know. Let's just sit down and listen.  - Go ahead.
I've been living dragging my past around,
but that ends today. The end!
I'm going to become a bitch now.
I'm going to be a
total bitch.
What do you say? Want to join me?
What's this, a proposal or something?
Hey, well, wouldn't you say Lee Ran Ju is already a complete bitch?
There's no end to becoming a bitch.
- One can always upgrade.  - Oh.
Won't you join me?
If that's the case then...I should accept this proposal.
Ah, you're both crazy.
- Hey, get up, will you?  - No, no, no, boy I'm so tired, oh!
Oh, I see, you're the only sane one here.
- Get up.  - But still, "bitch" is too much.
- Bitches!  - Yes!  - Yes!
If the woman keeps doing that, then the man gets confused.
It makes him want to get confirmation.
I'm saying you shouldn't confuse your boyfriend.
Ah, your boyfriend must not like this.
Timing and subtitles brought to you by  The How to Be Thirty Team @ Viki
Assistant Manager Lee
Yes, Writer Seo?
I don't have one.
What?
A boyfriend.
A boyfriend who gets anxious and tells me when he doesn't like something...
I don't have one.
♫ I don't know when it started ♫
♫ Somehow when I didn't know, you came into my heart ♫
♫  You became the shade and a place to rest  ♫
How To Be Thirty
Director Cha Do Hoon?
How about a kiss right there?
- What?  - I'll take you to a good place.
Then today's the last day I'll be coming here.
You know what? You look really pretty today.
Usually when you touch someone the wrong way, you can't take it back.
- Very much like Seo Ji Won.  - Do you like me?
Your gaze right now... it confuses me.